# Article Mentions
A list of articles which mention or quote me.

## Insight: Algorithmic art in the digital age
Sam Ellefson

The State Press | September 14, 2020

https://www.statepress.com/article/2020/09/specho-algorithmic-art-through-rise-of-technology

> Waverly Roeger, an ASU alumna and software developer, said another exemplar of algorithmic art is Dutch graphic artist M.C. Escher, whose polygonal tessellations followed concrete geometric instructions to create optical illusions.
>
> "Most algorithmic art is generated by a computer because a computer can do so much more than a human can by hand," Roeger said. "While M.C. Escher didn’t have a computer to generate all of his really intricate tessellations … you can't get very complex if you don't bring a computer into the picture."
>
> Using hardware in algorithmic art allows for heightened efficiency and accuracy, Roeger said, and both the algorithm itself and its output are artistic in nature and can raise questions pertaining to autonomy, fortuity and uniformity.

## Celebrating diversity and inclusion in tech
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory News | Holly Auten | November 2, 2018

https://www.llnl.gov/news/celebrating-diversity-and-inclusion-tech

> GHC focuses on both technology and career development. The format encourages attendees to network and employers to recruit. Computation’s Amanda Minnich and Waverly Roeger were hired after connecting with LLNL staff at previous GHC conferences. This year, LLNL recruiters identified several candidates for interviews and potential offers. The Lab’s recruiting booth featured talks on HPC opportunities for undergraduates and mid-career women, the role computing plays in national security and the importance of diversity to teamwork at the Lab.

## Breaking barriers to diversity in computer science
Joe Kullman

Full Circle | November 18, 2016

https://fullcircle.asu.edu/students/breaking-barriers-diversity-computer-science/

ASU Office of Inclusion and Community Engagement | November 23, 2016

https://inclusion.asu.edu/content/breaking-barriers-diversity-computer-science

ASU Now | November 23, 2016

https://asunow.asu.edu/20161122-breaking-barriers-diversity-computer-science

> Waverly Roeger, who will receive her bachelor's degree in the spring, was once one of those students.
>
> Talking and listening to others who had coped with feelings of being outsiders within their field of study “made me feel that I did belong, and that was a huge weight lifted off me,” she said.
>
> The conference also helped her to see that the challenges she was facing were not a sign of a lack of ability.
>
> “You learn about the obstacles these women overcame, and that their success didn’t happen because they are geniuses,” Roeger said. “You see that it took them years of hard work to build up what they have.”

> The Grace Hopper conference “is inspiring and motivating,” Roeger said, “but you also see there is a lot that still has to be done to bring awareness about the importance of diversity. And it’s not just about gender but across the spectrum of ethnicity and culture and people of color, LGBTQ people, and people with varying abilities and disabilities.”

## The changing face of engineering: Female students
Monique Clement

Full Circle | November 1, 2016

https://fullcircle.asu.edu/series/the-changing-face-of-engineering-female-students/

Science@ASU | December 19, 2016

https://science.asu.edu/changing-face-engineering-female-students

ASU Now | December 19, 2016

https://asunow.asu.edu/20161219-changing-face-engineering-female-students

> **Waverly Roeger**
>
> *Senior, computer science*
>
> Waverly Roeger was once unsure about pursuing computer science because she felt uncomfortable being only one of two girls who clashed with the boys in her high school computer science class.
>
> Roeger applied for college as a math major due to her lack of confidence with the engineering community until she met Professor Deborah Trytten of the University of Oklahoma, the first women she encountered in the field, who discussed the projects she was working on.
>
> “I came away with a newfound confidence that I would find a community within computer science,” Roeger said. “I changed my plans and have never regretted it since.”
>
> Once she arrived at ASU she started getting involved with the ASU STEM community as often as she could. The senior has now participated in the Fulton Schools’ Grand Challenge Scholars Program and Engineering Projects in Community Service and helped incoming freshmen as a counselor at E2 Camp. She has also mentored with the Arizona Mentor Society and the Barrett Mentoring Program, and even served as the music manager of the ASU Outreach Choir. She currently mentors with Global Guides and is secretary of the Hearthstone Club for players of the virtual card strategy game.
>
> Now she leads the Women in Computer Science organization at ASU to help others feel confident in pursuing their passions.
>
> “Women in Computer Science is an organization at ASU that acts as a support network and resource for female and other minority students,” said Roeger, who is also a student in Barrett, the Honors College.
>
> Throughout the year they host K-12 outreach, professional development, coding competitions and social events. They help members prepare for technical interviews, discuss topics from all-female classes to grad school to entrepreneurship, and volunteer with their outreach partners.
>
> “I believe how we most help our members is by connecting them to each other,” Roeger said. “Having a network of peers to relate to and rely on is so essential when you are always the odd one out in your classes.”
>
> These connections are crucial to attracting and retaining women in engineering and technology, Roeger said.
>
> “Women’s engineering organizations are so vital for us to first realize we are not alone, from friendships with people who have similar experiences, to support from each other when we need it,” she says.
>
> Roeger also wishes for women to be more visible in STEM than they are now.
>
> “If young girls can see it, they know it’s possible and they are free to dream,” Roeger said.
>
> After she graduates in May 2017 her outreach efforts won’t stop there. She plans to start her career as a software developer and continue to work in women- and diversity-focused programs as well as K-12 educational outreach “to show girls the awesomeness of programming when they’re young and imaginative.”
>
> She strongly believes having more women and other underrepresented groups in STEM will help better serve the world.
>
> “It’s important to recognize the value that diversity brings to teams of engineers who are engineering for a diverse population,” Roeger said.

## Honorable Mentions of the Look Twice, Save A Life Scholarship

> Waverly Roeger – 2015 Submission
>
> [visual art]

## Lux Undergraduate Creative Review | Volume 10, 2014
https://barretthonors.asu.edu/sites/default/files/lux_vol10_2014.pdf

> Lose Yourself
>
> *Waverly Roeger*
>
> [visual art]
>
> Pencil on Paper
>
> 8” x 7”

## Lubbock ISD Board of Trustees Assign HR Director, Recognize Students
Allen Corbin

KFYO | October 11, 2012

> The Board recognized 11 National Merit Semifinalists, 1 from Coronado High School and 10 from Lubbock High. The lone CHS student recognized is Taylor Reasoner. The 10 from LHS are Raleigh Anderson, Stephen Berg, Midora DuBose, Christine Kobaza, Alexander Martinelli, Waverly Roeger, Bethany Rolan, Ruvinee Senadheera, Samuel Whittlesey and Yu Tong Zhang.
